well howdy there internet people it's bo
again so today we're going to talk
directly to
the suburban voters everybody else is i
feared i should too you know
everybody's out for the suburb vote
right now
it's a critical demographic this year so
we're going to talk about
one of the offerings on the table what
one of the candidates
is offering in order to earn the vote of
the suburbs we're going to talk about
president trump
and what he's promising the people in
the suburbs
see trump understands that those in the
suburbs
see what's happening in major cities and
that they don't want that happening in
their neighborhood
fair enough that makes sense i get it
cool understood
so he's going to promise
law and order via tweet you know
we're going to send in the cops send in
the troops do whatever we have to to put
this
down and that sounds good makes sense
right
but it only makes sense if you believe
they're doing it just to do it
that it really is them just burning down
their cities for no reason
they don't have a legitimate grievance
they're just mindless
and that's why he constantly pushes that
propaganda because you have to believe
that
in order to accept his offering
the reality is they do have grievances
racial injustice income inequality
disparity in the criminal justice system
limited access to opportunity there
are grievances and pause
it doesn't matter if you think the
grievances are justified
sitting in the suburbs all that matters
is that they believe the grievances are
justified
your opinion doesn't matter really
doesn't
if they believe those grievances are
real
then his strategy doesn't make any sense
at all
in fact it will accomplish the exact
opposite of what he's promising
send in the troops right
what can the troops do national guard
shows up
they lock down a specific geographic
area and in that area nothing can happen
if he sends enough troops yeah true
enough
can lock it down but see it doesn't
address the grievances
so the people engaged in this they're
still going to want to express their
frustration
but they can't do it where they were
doing it
and because income inequality is a thing
they don't have a lot of money
to get outside of that geographic area
to get outside of that security clamp
down
they can only get about as far as your
house
in the suburbs
if you don't address the grievances this
will just continue
a security clampdown always fails it's
actually in the manuals
to not do this it really is
um in fact one of the goals of a
movement
is to provoke a security clampdown
because then you
in the suburbs as that clampdown spreads
you don't like it therefore you fill
some of the
grievances yourself that's how this
works
it's in the books look back through
history
any government any politician that has
attempted this
failed all they did was spread it
it's throwing gas on a fire
i would suggest that just intuitively
if one of the complaints is the
treatment they receive at the hands of
law enforcement
that sending in a bunch of cops is
probably a bad idea
again it doesn't matter if you believe
their grievances are justified
all that matters is that they do because
they're not going to give up
we've dealt with this before in this
country
the civil rights movement and because we
didn't deal with it completely
it has cycled back around
we're gonna have to fix this eventually
this type of social unrest has taxed
some of the greatest presidents this
country has ever seen
it was hard for them do you really
believe that donald trump
is up to the task he doesn't even
understand the issue
or he does and he's lying to you
saying that there isn't a reason for the
grievance
either way he's probably not going to
engage in good faith
with the grievances which means
it's going to continue and if he engages
in a security clampdown
it's going to spread
if you want this in the suburbs
make sure you campaign for trump i don't
know
biden's plan to deal with this but i do
know that he's acknowledged the
grievances
which is the first step to doing
anything about it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day